 here are the things taht need to change: 
 1. the UI on everything but the home page needs to change - like everything is bland and it needs to be styled. and it should match the color of the home page
 2. also id like the report to be a little more endepth. right now a user is paying 8 dollars and TBH there isnt much in the report so we need to expand on this 
    i think. but im really not sure what to do with this or how to expand on this. i need your help with this for sure. i think i would like it to be grounded 
    in the research but still fun and casul like the overall vibe of the app. and for this i am talking about the trait by trait breakdown, the blind spots, hidden
    strenghts and whatever else. it is also hard to read them like the hidden strenght- Confiendce and whatever else like the color on this and the blind spots 
    dont really go well together. see the images. 
3. so when someone puts in their email for them to take the quiz then they send links out to people, does this like create a account for them? like i havent put 
    in a password or anything. so what about if i wanted to come back to this later would i be able to get to the dashboard? im not sure how this works. and lets
    say that someones buys it after 3 people have taken it and they buy it, the scores will update when people contineu to answer? so it will constantly be updated?
    how will they know if everyone has answered? 
4. also there is no name on the bashboard. see the images.
5. the chart in the results is good but i feel like its a little bland but im not really sure what to do wiht it. any ideas? 
6.  on the report i feel like there needs to be some writting like a paragraph or something talking about the results. again grounded in research but still fun.
    any ideas for this? good idea? bad idea?
7. when they havent bought the results yet and we show them the chart are we showing them too much? should we show like blurred out results or soemthing like that?
    we need to talk this through
8. on the dashboard i also need to be able to share this on instagram as well. so create a button for that. 
9. and there is a sign in button but the user never really signed in right? so what is this for?

im not sure what else but im sure i am missing somethings
